All right welcome back my dear student.
So it's not for us to set some cookies.
Well one cookie actually two.
So they are called that page is now available all the time.
So let's do that right here.
Let's use our set cookie here.
We're learning a lot about cookies right.
We're going to call this cookie set Tom.
I mean Tampax is that's cold or something like that.
And you know why let's put the validation here validation code.
All right.
And if there's an expiration date or time and we're going to send it to one minute for now.
All right
beautiful.
So that's why we're going to do for now.
We're going to send this to expire every second.
All right.
So what what next.
Then next thing that we've got to do is work on what's receiving this information right.
Right now this is why they say it's going to happen.
All right when they are in the recovery that BHB right we're going to do all this stuff and we're going
to send that to the e-mail and they click on this called BHB page right here.
Ever call it with the e-mail right.
To make sure that's correct and the code then we're going to receive that.
So but I want to make sure this is actually working right now that it's finding the this.
OK.
All right so
so e-mail exist.
We do all this e-mail doesn't exist he's got a Gwinnell statement and you call somebody erro validation
errors and we just say this email does not exist.
All right.
And here if for some reason this is not the same that talking is not the same.
We are going to be redirecting these users somewhere else.
Talking is not set and it's not the same generator.
We're going to redirect them to the index or something like the redirect and make sure you put your
comments OK.
That way you don't forget what this is actually doing.
All right.
So let's check it to see if it works right.
Let's go to recover that BHB
we cover and let's typings an e-mail that doesn't change as I know for sure my e-mail has doesn't exist.
This e-mail does not exist.
You see that all right.
But another thing that we need to do is all right.
Once we have
once we said all this in place we could make this a little stronger by inserting that validation code
inside the database of the user.
All right.
Not only that we put in the session here but we can also put it put it in the validation column inside
the user.
That would make it a lot stronger don't you think.
All right let's do that real quick as well.
And super easy to do.
Update users set validation code equal to what the validation code that we got there.
Right.
So let's just do it right here about the nation code like this.
Make sure make sure that you escape it as well.
Right so I'm going to do a command Z and then we go.
Scaping
and
pu'er e-mail.
So we're going to do that work man equals email scaped as well.
And I believe at this point we've got the e-mail yes we do and we go semicolon there to make sure.
And now that we have that in place we need to send the query in.
I just save it in this query.
Well call Furhman make sure that everything is working according to plan.
So that way you have no problem singing do you know about it.
Confirmed result.
All right so now let's see if this works.
So let's go and do a pitch be admin local Vost
ph Pre my admin and let's see our users what have we got.
So we got some users here with zero validation This is one let's do one real quick.
All right.
So we setting the validation to.
All right we live in the past were the same when I was setting it we're not making a zero right now.
So if we type in one e-mail we should be able to see the validation code in there.
Let's see if that works.
All right.
And we should actually implement some type of message if he goes through and he says he sends the e-mail
and we should call some type of message here if he goes through so we can actually test this as well.
If send email is not good we can echo some errors too.
So let's go.
So errors.
And this is going to give us an arrow because we had our localhost is now really set up to send e-mail
saying is now going to write to send e-mail with local forces really complicated so I'm not going to
do that in this lecture because I know maybe 95 percent of you will now be able to do it.
And if you are we'll be able to do it would take you some hours a lot of hours to get it done.
I don't want to deal with that because it's really complicated.
I don't recommend it.
I have users messed up the whole system just trying to get local to work with emails.
So if you want to go ahead and you know Google it you can and you can you can try it on your own but
on this course they're not going to show you how to do that.
What I'm going to show you is how to test it.
Just make sure it works and how to take it to the server and make sure it works there because you know
ultimately we want this in the live server right.
So that's what I'm going to show you.
But anyway if we are able to send e-mail we got to say actually
if we are not what you're Please check.
You can now.
This is going to be you know what we are going to set some type of.
We're going to redirect the user back to.
Let me show you something here we cover.
We're now going to argue anything there but if for some reason it's bad we're going to echo something
here let's just do it like this for now
e-mail could not be sent.
I just want you to know how to do this because this returns bad if not e-mail could not be sent.
And we've got to get these errors.
I just want you to see that.
But anyway
click on the on the variable headers.
OK we need to fix that.
But you see that e-mail can now be sent beautiful.
All right.
And now we go back here and we refresh we can see a cold here which is crazy.
And we just kind of make sure that it's the right code and it doesn't look like it is right now looks
like it is a mess.
But anyway let's check for.
Real quick we only have this one here.
There we go.
All right validation code.
What happened with validation code
Hamdy five oh it has to be plus here right.
Not parameters.
Plus that's where we got some crazy stuff going on.
So let's do it again.
All right.
One is e-mail G-mail reset e-mail cannot be sent.
That's OK because we are a local host in a real life server.
You would get a really good cool message.
But anyway we go back here and we refresh and we can see our new validation call right here.
So it did go through and we were able to do some cool things right.
So we set the validation code again for the user and now the next step would be to the that all this
changes that we have done here.
All right.
In our call that BHB page because that's the link they're going to be clicking to activate to reset
their password right.
So when we send this and another thing is that we don't want them to be here too long right.
So we actually are setting up.
We already have a validation cookie for this right.
It's 60 seconds.
So right now this is expired.
All right.
Well they can be here all they want but we're going to set that in the called up BHB page.
Right.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture.
And we're going to jump into the cold out BHB page and we're going to do some detect detection there
and some data extraction and validation is going to be pretty cool.
Thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lecture.